Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki
♫ Oh, you have shoulders broad enough ♫
♫ To bear the weight of your words ♫
♫ Of never changing yourself, woo~ ♫
♫ When your strong faith ♫
♫ Silences fate ♫
♫ Romance will become your privilege ♫
♫ Dancing with ecstasy and grief will be like a grand banquet ♫
♫ And taking blazes as fireworks will be a classic never to regret ♫
♫ Oh, love without sadness is devoted love ♫
♫ Like an invisible existence ♫
♫ It's everywhere ♫
♫ Fending for your true love ♫
♫ I wish the one I love ♫
♫ Could safely sail through the sea of love ♫
♫ Once you let go, it will weigh on your mind for life ♫
♫ The most selfless love is love without sadness ♫
[All Out of Love]
[Episode 2]
I haven't done anything yet.
Which kind of dog bit you?
Who says it's a dog? I was bitten by a human!
Your little sister is fine. But if any of these symptoms develop,
- quickly come back here.
- Okay.
- Don't forget.
Remember. Also, there's this medicine; the instructions are written here.
- Okay, remember this.
- Okay, thank you.
Older Brother.
Jiang Sheng.
Why did you wake up? Did it suddenly hurt? Do you feel nauseous?
It doesn't hurt anymore.
No way. The gash was so deep.
It really doesn't hurt.
Jiang Sheng, listen to me.
If you have a headache, or suddenly want to throw up, tell me.
I'll take you to the hospital. This is nothing to joke about.
I have received the best medicine. I promise I'm okay now.
What medicine did you get?
Your care. With that, I won't get a headache or feel nauseous.
Tell me.
A girl's face shouldn't have any scars. You wouldn't look good anymore.
There's nothing wrong with having a scar. If we lose each other one day,
you can search for me with my scar. With that, you'll know it's me.
Jiang Sheng.
We must never be separated.
- Does it still hurt?
- I'm okay.
Brother, this scar proves that I'm brave. I'm not even afraid of Old He.
Don't ever pick a fight with someone like Old He. Next time, don't act so impulsively.
It's fine if I'm bullied. But if anyone bullies you, I'll never let him off.
You've already been hurt once, I don't want to see you hurt a second time.
Wait for me.
- Do you know how to cut hair?
- I... do.
Jiang Sheng! Liangsheng!
Bei Xiaowu.
- The persimmons are ripe.
- Great. Hurry and save a few trees for me.
Okay.
The persimmons from the trees were treats for the children of Weijiaping.
Perhaps many people would laugh at this.
But at that time, the soil of the land was indeed deficient.
The persimmons were few, but there were a lot of kids.
There was never enough to go around. Often, nasty fights erupted.
If you eat so many, aren't you afraid you'll get diarrhea? Let us through.
- Why should I let you through?
- The trees are everybody's. Why are you keeping them to yourselves?
Keeping it for ourselves? This part of the forest is first come first served.
You guys came late. It's not our fault.
- Bei Xiaowu.
- Bei Xiaowu. Stop.
Who gives you the right to bully others?
So what if I do?
If you want to eat persimmons, all right. Just carve your names into the trees first. Then I won't touch them.
You just aren't skilled enough.
We won't touch the trees with your names on them. If they don't have your name, anyone can pick them.
- Exactly!
- Right!
Go carve them!
- No guts!
- Right, no guts.
Call your brother to come and eat.
Mom, it looks like Older Brother didn't come back all night.
- Older Brother!
- Liangsheng!
- Uncle, have you seen Liangsheng?
- I haven't seen him.
- You really didn't?
- I really didn't.
- Older Brother!
- Liangsheng!
I will go here and you go there.
Liangsheng!
Older Brother!
If you want to eat persimmons, all right. Just carve your names into the trees first. Then I wont' touch them.
You just aren't skilled enough.
We won't touch the trees with your names on them. If they don't have your name, anyone can pick them.
That's right.
From that day on, all the persimmons in Weijiaping belonged to me.
That bunch of greedy kids were stunned to see the clear markings on every single tree trunk.
If you wrap my fingers like that, how can I do any chores?
Don't do anything; I'll do it.
These wounds
shouldn't be wrapped like this.
If you have a scar on your hand, it wouldn't look good.
Should a boy's hands be slender and pale? Your hands are the most precious to mom.
Then, your hands are the most precious to me.
Your hands can be used to write, calculate,
water the ginger lily, and comb my hair. I must take good care of them.
- You sure have lots to say.
- Of course.
- Does it hurt?
- No.
Jiang Sheng and Liangsheng, I will take you two to school!
Bei Xiaowu's new bike; high-end, impressive.
It's high grade. It's a reward from my dad.
This bike must be expensive, right?
Of course!
Let's go to school.
- Mom, we are leaving.
Hey! Jiang Sheng! Jiang Sheng, I'll give you a ride! Why are you walking when I have a bike?
Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki
- The kids are back.
- Bye-bye!
- Mom, we are back.
- Dad, we are back.
How was school today?
Jiang Sheng and I studied hard. Don't worry.
Older Brother, take a look.
A bike? Whose bike is this?
Mom, whose bicycle is this?
I bought this for you two. Liangsheng, try it now.
Okay.
Older Brother, I want to try it, too.
Wait a moment. Let me try it first.
Brother, we have our own bike. This is too great!
- Your foot can reach the ground, right?
- Yes.
- Good.
Thank you, Mom.
Dad, we have a bicycle.
Great.
In the future, you can ride the bicycle and give a lift to Jiang Sheng to school.
- Okay.
- Isn't that so, Jiang Sheng?
Ahh!
[Weijiaping]
[Yuhong Middle School]
- So you rode a bike?
- Yeah, and look at his things!
Let's go!
Jiang Sheng, let's go home.
Mom, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Did He Manhou come bother you again today?
That scoundrel surely has bad intentions.
Mom, I'll help you scoop the rice.
Mom, I don't like to see you so tired.
I don't want you to fall sick.
Jiang Sheng.
Having you and Liangsheng is good enough for me.
I'm content with that.
From that time on, I started to do more house and farm chores to help my mom.
I stubbornly thought that if I did more,
she would get fewer gray hairs,
and have better health.
Pour me some water.
Want to drink water, right?
Are you deaf?
Listen to how badly mom is coughing and you still want her to serve you?
If it weren't for you, my mom wouldn't be in this condition.
If it weren't for you and that woman, things would be okay.
It's my pinwheel. It's mine. Give it back!
Jiang Sheng.
What's wrong?
Did someone bully you? Tell me.
Don't be sad because of Mom.
She'll get better.
She's not your mom. Of course, you wouldn't be sad.
If it weren't for your mom, my mom wouldn't be like this. You know whose son you are.
When only sorrow was left for me and Liangsheng,
we realized
that other than working hard to leave behind these grey memories of Weijiaping that burdened us,
we had no other choice.
It seemed like leaving Weijiaping
was the only way for the stones that weighed on our hearts to disappear.
We both wanted to leave Weijiaping.
The only way to leave this place was to study hard.
[China Post]
Hello. Letters for Jiang Sheng and Jiang Liangsheng.
Please sign here.
- Mom.
- These are for the both of you.
Outstanding results
allowed us to enter university.
Older Brother, I don't want to attend the school.
I've heard it's a lot of bother to go to university.
There are lots of examinations. It's so troublesome. I don't want to go.
Actually, for a long time, I knew I didn't want to continue with school.
Why go to school? It's better to make money.
How about this? You go to university and I'll financially support you.
Of course not.
If there is Liangsheng, there is Jiang Sheng. If there is Jiang Sheng, there is Liangsheng.
But what about the school fees?
Don't worry. I will apply for student loans.
Whenever I become capable, I'll make sure all poor students can go to school.
Mom, are you okay?
Mom, why don't I stay home with you?
I don't want to go to university anymore.
It wasn't easy for you to get into university.
How could you just give up like this?
Older Brother can go to university.
We'll be equally happy if Brother becomes successful.
Jiang Sheng, it has been tough for you these years.
I will help you go to college, no matter the cost.
But if we both leave,
you will be so lonely at home.
Jiang Sheng.
While you are young,
you need to study more.
In the future, become a useful person.
You can't be like me, working as a laborer.
Leave Weijiaping.
Go and do what you want to do.
♫ The season of my heart ♫
♫ depends on your sad or joyful look ♫
♫ How beautiful the poetry is ♫
♫ in the chaos and bitterness I feel for you ♫
♫ With the happiest-looking smile, ♫
♫ the loneliest boy ♫
♫ Insists on caring for her for life to thank her ♫
♫ I'm the fire that burns away coldness ♫
♫ I burn myself to create a warm world ♫
♫ I hear your wishes and help you fulfill them ♫
♫ In the circle of life, my true love never dies ♫
♫ I'm the blue sky that drives away cloud and mist ♫
♫ To leave you a clear sky, and that devours blizzards ♫
♫ And sweeps up leaves so that you can smell the flowers ♫
♫ The circle of life is longer ♫
♫ than eternity ♫
♫ Love is not accompanying you to the end, holding your hand in mine ♫
♫ It is letting you go so that you can reach the turning point ♫
♫ I'm the fire that burns away coldness ♫
♫ I burn myself to create a warm world ♫
♫ And sweeps up leaves so that you can smell the flowers ♫
♫ In the circle of life, may we never lose each other ♫
♫ and never change ♫
We've gotten our student loans. If we add up the money we've earned and cut our living expenses,
we'll have enough for our travel and miscellaneous expenses.
Brother, thanks for your hard work. You worked part-time jobs from morning to night.
You talk as if you were lazing around. You helped mom a lot during the vacation. You even did my share.
I had it easy compared to you.
Brother, trust me. I will surely get scholarships in university.
- Let's go.
- Let's go!
Older Brother.
You really want to take it with you?
Yes. I'm used to having the ginger lily with me.
All right. Then let us three all go to university.
Wait a minute.
- Why is he here?
- I don't know either.
What did you two say earlier?
We said we're going to college; none of your business.
None of my business? You guys are doing what the Cantonese call
"joking around."
- What does that mean?
You two leave when you like; leaving me nothing but a gust of wind. You guys are really savage.
How can this be tolerated? I'm not happy.
Starting from today,
I'm sticking to you two. I'm going to the same university as you.
You stalker! As if you could get into university.
Don't look down on me!
You two, stop arguing. How about you go home and arrange your luggage?
You guys need to focus on packing, too. My dad arranged for a car to pick you up tomorrow.
- We don't need it.
- You don't need it?
I'm afraid you'll get addicted to riding in a car.
Don't you want to go to college? Go home now.
I'm telling you. This is just the beginning. In the next four years of college,
I'm going to flaunt my excellent grades at you.
You! Are you leaving or not?
See you tomorrow.
Okay then. The four of us will go to university.
Liangsheng.
I never would've thought.
You are going to university soon.
Dad, don't be sad. Don't worry. I will come home during the term breaks.
I'm not sad.
I just feel emotional.
Liangsheng.
Once you get to the city, it will just be you and your sister.
Take good care of her.
Frankly speaking,
all these years,
I favored you and neglected your sister.
Once you get to the city,
it'll be hard for you to come back.
Dad, don't worry. I will take good care of her.
I won't let her suffer at all. As long as I'm around, Jiang Sheng is home.
Take this and eat on the road. Don't starve.
Don't worry, Mom. We'll take care of ourselves.
Mom, don't worry. I'll take care of Jiang Sheng.
Liangsheng, when you are out there, don't make it hard on yourself.
There's no rush, Auntie. Take your time to chat.
I need to learn from you guys. Next time, my dad and I will do the same thing.
He's full of nonsense. You guys chat. Let's go. Stay in the car.
Don't worry.
Why are you filled with so much nonsense?
Dad.
Take care of yourself.
Mom, we are leaving.
We're leaving, Mom.
We are leaving. Bye-bye.
I have not let your mother down.
I also have not
let your biological father down.
You three have all been accepted into college.
You should both play around and study. Don't waste your youth.
Yes, I'll be in charge of playing.
If you fool around, I'll cut your resources.
- I'll play less. I'll play less.
- Uncle Bei, don't worry. I'll watch him for you.
Watch over him.
Look! Look!
And so our college careers began with bared fangs and brandished claws.
But I was very happy because no one would glare at Liangsheng again,
and no one would call him an illegitimate child.
Son, I'm going to pay for you guys. Wait a while for me.
I'm going, too.
Give me the money.
Dad, help them pay as well. We're going to take a walk.
Go. Go walk around.
- Thank you, Uncle.
- Let's go.
- You live here, too?
- Yeah. Hi. I'll be living in this room, too.
Hi. I'm Jin Ling.
My name is Jiang Sheng. "Jiang" as in ginger, and "Sheng" as in to grow.
My name refers to Nanjing, the ancient capital of the Six Dynasties, also known as Jin Ling.
Which bed are you taking?
- I will take this.
- Okay.
Quickly unpack then.
Jin Ling, here.
This is an egg my mom brought for me from home.
Thank you.
Take it.
Be serious in your studies. I'm going back.
All right, Dad. Whenever I'm free, I'll think about you.
Just focus on your studies.
- Uncle Bei, bye.
- Go back now.
Wow, Tianyou. Your skills have reached its peak. You're even refurbishing vintage cars.
You must have something serious to discuss.
Otherwise, you wouldn't dare to come bother me.
Er... it's like this.
There's progress on what you had me investigate. So what's the next step?
Let's go. We're flying back to China.
Grandma.
Aiyo! Tianyou.
- You are back, dear.
- I'm back.
My sweetheart.
You have lost weight.
Why did you climb so high up?
I... that...
All of these are from when I was little.
Behind my dad and grandfather's back,
you used them to tease and play with me.
That's right.
Back then, your grandfather didn't let you play.
They even wanted to dismiss me; they even threatened me.
You were a kid. If you don't let children play,
would they still be children?
I put this stuff on top of that closet and haven't touched them in a long time.
I wanted to tidy them.
To my surprise, you came back.
You haven't touched them in a long time?
There's no dust.
Okay, don't place this box too high next time. It's too dangerous.
Aiyo. As time sneaks by,
I need to accept my old age.
You're not old.
Have you seen your grandfather?
Not yet. When I got off the plane, I wanted to come see you first.
I'm doing fine.
Go home now.
Tianyou, look at that smile.
Are you scheming something again for your grandfather?
What is it again now?
No, no, it's nothing.
Grandfather.
I can't believe that you can cook now.
I've been out of the country for over ten years, but I didn't learn any of these elegant leisure activities.
I asked the cook at Jiangnan Kitchen to make it.
However, they're all to your and Tianen's tastes. I hope I remembered correctly.
Since you had nothing else to do, why didn't you personally cook?
I visited Grandma.
Oh? It's true you haven't seen her in a while.
You can have old ties, but you shouldn't let them become hindrances.
Okay, we won't talk about those irrelevant things. Let's begin eating.
We're not waiting for Tianen?
How long will you be staying for this time?
I don't plan to leave.
That's good, too.
Is the cinema... your homecoming project?
It's not a cinema;  I plan to make a chain of cinemas.
It would complement our company's expansion into film culture.
I want to transform the company into a dumbbell structure.
Dumbbell?
Real Estate, Culture, Finance, Recreation.
As a corporation, we would command both ends of the weight.
Both ends of the weight will be used to transport content of excellent quality.
And these weights will allow the corporation to be
stable, continuously expanding.
This will result in a complete up and down ecology chain.
This plan is not bad but let me advise you:
Shang Yang's plan wasn't bad either.
(reformer of the State of Qin during the Warring States period)
But what happened in the end?
I don't plan to convince them over to my side.
I previously established a company in tech innovation.
I'll make further actions once I've completed my tasks at hand.
You'll be standing on the sidelines?
This is your own family.
I remember.
Now that you're back in the country,
it's time to focus.
The Cheng family line depends on you now.
I'll use this opportunity to arrange some people for you to meet.
The daughter of Wandao Group's President Chen just returned from Switzerland.
Arrange a day to meet with her.
Grandfather, regarding this...
I'm not interested in it.
How long are you going to make me wait?
Grandpa, I wish you a long life.
You...
I can't eat too much during the evening.
Take your time to eat.
Don't eat everything in one bite.
Remember. Eat slowly and savor the taste.
When I was younger,
I always wondered when I'd be able to go to college.
I always thought that I'd never grow up.
I never thought
now that I'm in college,
it feels fake.
What fake?
I remember in third year of high school, you said you really wanted to go to college.
You thought college wouldn't be that stressful and would give you more freedom. Now that you're here,
why do you feel that it's fake?
Back then, I just wanted to come out to see it.
You just got here. You're just not used to it yet.
You'll be fine after some time.
Mom definitely misses me.
Uncle Bei really made a mistake this time.
He should have let you live inside the university. If not, who will control you?
A clever hare has more than one hideout.
If I don't set up this place, where will you two stay when you escape the curfew?
Jiang Sheng and I are here to learn. We won't run away.
That's right. Brother and I are the same. I'm here to learn, too. I'm not running away either.
You're wasting away your time in college.
What do you know?
Isn't a student's main responsibility to study? What else is there?
That's right.
Xiaowu, return this money to Uncle Bei.
What? This is for you. Why give it back?
Just help me thank Uncle Bei.
Thanks.
But... even if you give this to me, I wouldn't be able to return this. He went to Hebei for business.
I won't be able to see him for a long time, either.
Hebei? He went to Hebei?
That's quite far from home.
It is far. It's to the north of Henan.
Auntie, please wait.
Hello, Mom. We have already arrived at the university.
Yes, we are safe and sound.
Okay. Liangsheng, someone came today to install a phone in our home.
In the future, you don't need to go through Auntie Bei to call home.
Someone installed a phone at our home? It will be convenient for us to call you then.
That's right. Where is Jiang Sheng?
She's here.
Hello, Mom. You finally have a phone at home now?
We will call you often then.
Okay. Jiang Sheng, you must be serious in your studies.
Don't worry about the financial matters. Your dad and I will think of a way.
You must listen to your Older Brother. Understand?
I know.
Oh, right. I put a small, cloth bag in your luggage.
Small, cloth bag?
Yes. I placed it in your suitcase.
Look out for it later. The items inside are for you and Liangsheng.
Okay, rest early.
Okay then. Goodnight, Mom.
Goodnight, Mom.
What's the cloth bag?
I don't know either.
Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki
This money is all from Mom?
Mom must've worked hard for this money.
Brother, why does college cost so much?
My heart hurts for Mom.
Don't worry too much.
I already gave the Household Center a call. I'm thinking of becoming a private tutor.
You should just focus on studying.
In the future, allow Dad and Mom to live comfortably.
I want to be a private tutor, too. I want to split the responsibility with you.
You aren't allowed to work.
Why?
I want you to enjoy the experience of university life
and study hard. In the future, be a contributor to society and help others.
All right. I'll remember your words.
♫ The season of my heart depends on your sad or joyful look ♫
♫ How beautiful the poetry is in the chaos and bitterness I feel for you ♫
♫ With the happiest-looking smile, the loneliest boy ♫
♫ Insists on caring for her for life to thank her ♫
♫ I'm the fire that burns away coldness ♫
♫ I burn myself to create a warm world ♫
♫ I hear your wishes and help you fulfill them ♫
♫ In the circle of life, my true love never dies ♫
♫ I'm the blue sky that drives away cloud and mist ♫
♫ To leave you a clear sky, and that devours blizzards ♫
♫ And sweeps up leaves so that you can smell the flowers ♫
♫ The circle of life is longer than eternity ♫
♫ Love is not accompanying you to the end, holding your hand in mine ♫
♫ It is letting you go so that you can reach the turning point ♫
♫ I'm the fire that burns away coldness ♫
♫ I burn myself to create a warm world ♫
♫ I hear your wishes and help you fulfill them ♫
♫ In the circle of life, my true love never dies ♫
♫ I'm the blue sky that drives away cloud and mist ♫
♫ To leave you a clear sky, and that devours blizzards ♫
♫ And sweeps up leaves so that you can smell the flowers ♫
♫ The circle of life is longer than eternity ♫